JIRA Api (#1742)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/tests-configuration.adoc

|Test report isn't generated
|`RED`
|===

== HTTP Configuration

> Here one could find description of general HTTP properties applied across all the HTTP interactions in Vividus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here one could find description of general HTTP properties applied across all the HTTP interactions in VIVIDUS.
```

> Here one could find description of general HTTP properties applied across all the HTTP interactions in VIVIDUS.

Reviewer 2: `This section describes ...` maybe?

Author: I used the same format as in expression and vividus steps docs

|character sequence
|`<empty>`
|The username, presence of this property requires the `http.auth.password` to be also set

|`http.auth.password`
|character sequence
|`<empty>`
|The password, presence of this property requires the `http.auth.username` to be also set

|`http.auth.preemptive-auth-enabled`
|`boolean`
|`false`
|If enabled the HTTP client will send the basic authentication data even before the service gives an unauthorized response (401), useful when the service doesn't support unauthorized response (401) or to reduce the overhead of making the connection

|===

=== SSL handshake

[cols="3,1,1,3", options="header"]
|===
|Property Name
|Acceptable values
|Default
|Description

|`http.ssl.check-certificate`
|`boolean`
|`true`
|Verify https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8446#section-4.4.2[certificates] sent by the server during SSL handshake, the most common errors occured during verfication are Expired SSL Certificate Error, SSL Certificate Not Trusted Error, SSL Certificate Revoked Error etc.

|`http.ssl.verify-hostname`
|`boolean`
|`true`
|Verify if the domain name in the SSL certificate matches the domain name in URL where the request is sent to

|===

> === General

Reviewer: this section should go first

|`http.cookie-spec`
|`default`, `ignoreCookies`, `standard-strict`, `standard`, `netscape`
|`default`
|The name of the https://hc.apache.org/httpcomponents-client-4.5.x/current/tutorial/html/statemgmt.html#d5e515[cookie specification] to be used for HTTP state management

|===

=== Two-Way SSL authentication

[cols="3,1,1,3", options="header"]
|===
|Property Name
|Acceptable values
|Default
|Description

|`http.key-store.type`
|{base-java-docs-url}docs/specs/security/standard-names.html#keystore-types[KeyStore types]
|`JKS`
|The {key-store-ref} type

|`http.key-store.path`
|xref:ROOT:glossary.adoc#_resource[Resource]
|`<empty>`
|The {key-store-ref} to load

|`http.key-store.password`
|`string`
|`<empty>`
|The password used to unlock the {key-store-ref} and for the integrity checking

|`http.ssl.private-key-password`
|`string`
|`<empty>`
|The password for the private key

|===

=== DNS resolver

[cols="3,1,1,3", options="header"]
|===
|Property Name
|Acceptable values
|Default
|Description

|`http.local-dns-storage.`
|`key-value mapping`
|`<empty>`

> |The property family to override the OS DNS lookup by specifying hostname to IP address mappings e.g. `http.local-dns-storage.coursera.org=52.84.197.20`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The property prefix used to override the OS DNS lookup by specifying hostname to IP address mappings e.g. `http.local-dns-storage.coursera.org=52.84.197.20`
```
